foss4g 2023 post (#157)
geoserver/geoserver.github.io: _posts/2023-07-04-foss4g-2023.md

GeoServer content:

* [State of GeoServer 2.23](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nRKIILXWGLMGXZ6thfJgPR9kZ6Wh8Hp1dwZdQGw2YRc/edit?usp=share_link)
* [GeoServer Feature Frenzy 2023](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vE8eCrOyewoH54g8CjuoiO3pxVLToEpuvpoZWmy0wTg/edit?usp=share_link)
* [GeoServer used in fun and interesting ways](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PP2qk7eH8TzAf1tvEWH7Geattd0YFh7ZEDx1_tlrRWY/edit?usp=share_link)
* [GeoServer Orientation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sh9C4dIkDRnk3quCD1PRYoiJhjI9dqnAdOScJCgQWU8/edit?usp=share_link)
* [Getting Started with GeoServer](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FL6uMsepPWrrCMWjelIrlIp7bnlxB2q294-TN4lgI34/edit?usp=share_link) (Workshop)

GeoServer community content:

* Many additional presentations featured GeoServer and showcased its capabilities.

> If videos are provided of the event we will update this post with links.

Reviewer: when

Author: Please make the change directly

> If videos are provided of the event we will update this post with links.

Author: ```suggestion
When videos are provided of the event we will update this post with links.
```

![](/img/posts/foss4g/prizren.jpeg) <br/>
Prizren (Kosovo)

## FOSS4G Code sprint

> We also had our first scheduled codesprint on removing the opengis-pending content from our codebase. The foss4g sprint was a fact-finding mission to establish the scope of work and establish a time frame and budget. 

Reviewer 2: Not sure "opengis-pending" is well enough known to explain it. 

```suggestion
We also had our first scheduled codesprint on r[efactoring the OpenGIS](https://www.osgeo.org/opengis-harmonization/) content from our codebase. The foss4g sprint was a fact-finding mission to establish the scope of work and establish a time frame and budget. 
```

Reviewer 3: `r[efactoring` ?

Reviewer 2: I've fixed the link, but I'm not in love with the expression.

* The activity was successful in that we were able to change from *org.opengis* to *org.geotools.api* and write a script to update GeoWebCache and GeoServer projects.

> * GeoServer has dome difficulties as *gs-printing* and *gs-geofence-server* includes the work of external projects which will require assistance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* GeoServer has some difficulties as *gs-printing* and *gs-geofence-server* include the work of external projects which will require assistance.
```

> The work is scheduled for the [Bolsena Codesprint 2023](https://www.osgeo.org/events/bolsena-code-sprint-2023/) ahead of the GeoServer 2.23.0 release cycle.

Reviewer 2: We are into 2.23.x already, I think. So 2.24?

```suggestion
The work is scheduled for the [Bolsena Codesprint 2023](https://www.osgeo.org/events/bolsena-code-sprint-2023/) ahead of the GeoServer 2.24.0 release cycle.
```
